[♪♪♪]
oh...
[gasping]
[laughing]
I've got that wreath
that you liked,
the one for the windows.
Oh, it's perfect!
I'm going to take two.
Three.
Let me see what I've got.
Okay.
I found them.
Oh...
Okay. I'm going
to take one more.
Thank you.
-There you go.
-Oh...
Okay.
Here you go.
Merry christmas.
-Bye!
-Merry christmas.
Whoa... You might want
to slow your roll.
I've waited long enough.
It's December.
If you keep up this pace,
there'll be no room
for the customers.
It's my first christmas
without my mom.
Decorating
is how I cheer myself up.
She was the heart and soul
of this place.
You're gonna do fine.
Just give yourself some time.
Ease up on the decorating
in the meantime.
It's turning into
santa's village.
What?
You look so much
like your mom sometimes.
Really?
Even though I'm adopted?
It's in your expression.
The smile.
Sometimes
I look in the mirror,
trying so hard to see her in me.
Oh, she's right there...
Not in the mirror,
in who you are.
Thank you.
Hmm.
One penne arrabiata!
One mamma's lasagne!
How did you like
that olive oil?
It was great.
Order some more.
Mr. Moretti likes extra sauce.
Okay, coming up.
You know,
nobody talks to a busboy
or leaves them a tip,
but he always does.
Give the morettis
some struffoli for dessert,
on the house.
Here's the penne.
Mr. And mrs. Moretti!
I wanted to say good night.
You're just like your mother.
Sophia was always in her apron.
The struffoli...
-Oh.
-So good.
I hope you'll both come
to my christmas eve dinner.
Oh...
We wouldn't miss it
for the world, eh?
You have done sophia proud.
I hope so.
Ciao, bella.
Ciao.
I put an offer on a house.
Oh, I hope you get it.
It's my christmas wish.
Stockings hung
from my own mantle,
and a mortgage,
and house insurance,
and repairs...
Oh, careful what you wish for.
You have a christmas wish?
Oh...
The holidays are going
to be pretty lonely
without any family
this year, so...
I guess...
That would be my wish.
Some people to love.
Oh...
Lots of people love you,
including me.
I get the results
of my dna test this week.
I mean, I could...
I could be related to...
Armani, or versace,
or I could have this big family
with a villa in tuscany.
Do I get a room?
[phone buzzing]
oh...
I always get so excited
just thinking it's the results.
Oh... We gotta get back
to the restaurant.
-Oh...
-Now.
Look.
Oh...
[water dripping]
you're gonna have
to replace the pipes
and bring them up to code.
There is some water damage,
but I won't know how much
until I get a better look.
How long is it going to take
to do these repairs?
Two or three weeks.
We have to close down
that long?
Unless you want to pass out
umbrellas with each meal.
Eddie...
You gotta promise me
that you are gonna
be done by christmas eve.
I am making
the feast of the seven fishes.
It is the first time
that I am doing this
on my own,
and this means more to me
than anything else,
especially now.
Promise?
Promise.
[record playing]
♪ snow is gently falling ♪
♪ on the ground ♪
♪ angel voices sing
for miles around... ♪
aw, we got a christmas card
from the morettis.
Aw...
Yeah.
I called the insurance company,
and I sent them eddie's invoice.
It's very strange
being out of the kitchen.
I don't know
what to do with myself.
Try to resist
the urge to decorate.
I capped off a lonely dinner
with two more lawn ornaments.
I mean,
what are you going to do
when you end
a four-year engagement
with a phone call,
and then you lose your mom,
who was your north star?
I think a couple of reindeer
seem appropriate.
They certainly do.
They're very cute.
[computer alert chimes]
[gasping]
the results
for my dna test are in!
Okay, well, go to the website
and see what it says.
Okay, okay, wait. Just...
Just give me a minute.
Okay.
Okay, here we go.
It says that I am 50% jewish!
-Amazing!
-Wow.
I did not see that coming.
No.
I guess the tenors
and the villas
are off the table.
Okay.
Hmm.
Walking is always a good idea.
You can process
your unexpected heritage,
and I can get in
my 10,000 steps...
Or 100 steps, whatever.
I don't know anything
about being jewish,
and now I find out
it's 50% of who I am.
Well, your timing
couldn't be better.
Hanukkah starts next week.
But I'm all about christmas.
And now I have to learn
a whole other holiday
and all the traditions,
and I'm guessing
it probably doesn't
involve lawn ornaments.
But maybe some family.
Let's go find out.
It says that I have
nine dna matches!
[gasping]
I am so happy for you,
and for them.
Whoever they are,
wherever they are,
they're my blood relatives.
And it says that I have someone
in the "close family"
category...
Ah. What does that mean?
I don't know.
They could be a first cousin...
[gasps]
I just got an email
from one of my dna matches!
Okay.
Here we go.
Okay. It's from becky berman.
She wants to meet.
She lives in shaker heights!
That's, like, ten miles away.
What if she doesn't like me?
[laughing]
you're very hard not to like.
[entry bells jingle]
hi.
Christina?
Yes. Hello.
I'm becky.
Hi...
I am so happy you're here.
It's so nice to meet you.
Can I get you anything?
No, no, I'm fine, thank you.
Come! Sit.
Okay. Okay.
This is just kind of
a big deal for me.
Me too.
Yeah, I'm just
a little nervous.
Me too.
You're the first dna match
I actually got to meet.
Oh...
Yeah, I wonder how many of us
are out there.
I don't know.
I was, um,
I was adopted by
a single mother as an infant,
so I really don't know
any of my biological family.
Well, you've got me now.
Yup.
-And my two kids.
-Okay.
Uh-huh. Oh, and this guy.
-Hi.
This is my brother, scott.
-Hello. Nice to meet you.
-Pleased to meet you.
Uh, becky tells me
we're related.
-Yeah.
-Well, the question is how.
I mean, it says
we're close family,
possibly cousins.
It's going to be
so much fun to figure out.
Well, it's got to be
from dad's side.
I mean, there's
tons of relatives.
And I actually think
that we have more in common
than our genes,
'cause I have a restaurant, too.
No way.
-That's amazing.
-Yeah.
-What kind of restaurant?
-Italian.
-Ah. My favorite.
-Ooh.
-Yes?
-Yeah!
-I'll cook for you.
-Please.
For you and your kids.
[laughing] scott...
Hey, guys.
-Hey.
-I don't have much time.
I'm on a deadline.
David, this is christina.
Hello.
She's a dna match
I found online.
Well, that's great.
Yea. Are you another relative?
[chuckling]
no, no, just an old
family friend.
I'll get those latkes
ready for you to try.
This was so good.
Good. I'm so glad
you enjoyed it.
We're doing a special
hanukkah menu.
Oh.
David is a food critic.
We like to get his opinion
before we serve anything new.
Oh, a food critic?
Yeah.
David singer.
He's pretty well-known.
I know the name.
Well, it's nice to know
that people
are reading what I write.
Yeah, I've read
every single word.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Christina
has a restaurant, too.
Dolce angelo, in cleveland.
You just... You wrote a review,
and you just said the food
was predictable.
Well, I also said
it was very good.
I just wanted to be
a little bit more surprised.
Yeah, yeah, totally.
Faint praise.
I'm going to go
check on those latkes.
-Okay.
-It was so nice meeting you.
Yeah, you too.
He's really nice.
-Yeah.
All right, so for hanukkah,
we're doing eight crazy latkes.
Uh, so, we've got
the holy guacalatke,
and we've also added
the whole enchilatke.
Uh-huh.
I want you
to try this one first.
-Okay.
-So, go ahead.
Tell me what you think.
It's good.
Yeah?
Try adding a little
pico de gallo.
Pico de gallo.
Not just a shayna punim.
Yeah. Yeah.
Like, what's the deal,
what's the family dynamic?
You know what,
I love them...
I don't got any pico,
but I got some hot sauce.
Let's do it.
Lenny was my dad.
He passed away a few years ago.
Sports and food
were his two favorite things,
so he found a way
to combine them.
Same with me.
My mom, she passed away,
um, and then now
I'm running the restaurant
that I grew up in, so...
I...
I just can't believe
how much we have in common.
I know, it's...
It's crazy.
My mom's in st. Louis,
but she gets back tomorrow.
I hope she can
fill in the blanks
about how we're related.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, why don't you
come to brunch?
Only if I can bring dessert.
My mom will be thrilled
to meet another member
of the family.
Hi, mom!
Hey.
There are only four days
till hanukkah,
and I... I have so much to do.
That's a really nice one, mom.
Yes, I got it from
a collector in st. Louis.
It looks just like one
that my grandmother gave me
when I was a child.
Well, who knows,
maybe it's the same one.
That's what I told leslie,
the collector,
yes, to explain why I was
crying over a dreidel.
I invited someone to brunch
I met on one of
those ancestry sites.
Oh, today?
Yeah, I hope it's okay.
Christina lost her mom recently.
She was a chef,
and so is christina.
Now she's running
their restaurant on her own,
just like me and scott.
Well, I look forward
to meeting her.
Are the kids going to be here?
No, no, phil
took molly to ballet class
and max to hockey practice.
All right, well, come on,
help me
get the food ready.
Okay, of course.
Hi.
What are you doing here?
Staying here
over the holidays.
-Oh.
-Is that going to be a problem?
Not a problem.
'cause I could eat in my room.
Let's not make it a thing.
Fine by me.
Good.
Great.
I brought... Cannolis.
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
They are for dessert.
They are not for review.
If the cannolis
are predictable,
I'll keep it to myself.
Hmm.
You might even like them.
This is my mom, ruth.
Oh, so nice to meet you.
Hi. I made cannolis.
You made these yourself?
Yeah, just an
old family recipe.
Oh, yeah.
Becky told me
your mom was a chef.
Yeah. Yeah.
And this place, it's beautiful.
Aw, thank you.
We're getting ready
for hanukkah.
It's my favorite time
of the year.
I hope you're hungry.
-Yes.
-I am.
He eats enough for an army
and never gains weight.
It isn't fair.
I run five miles a day.
Yeah, and I run after two kids.
And you'd never guess
how close they are.
Uh, do you have any brothers
or sisters?
No, it's just me.
Well, if you're going
to meet relatives online,
you couldn't do better
than this family.
-Thanks, david.
-Shucks. Stop it.
Well, let's see how
she feels after brunch.
-You just did. Yes, you did.
-Did I?
So, uh... So becky tells me
that you and david
have a history.
Oh, yes, a short one,
about half a page.
This guy wrote
that, uh, my lasagna
was predictable.
-No.
-David...
Did you really say that?
I... I...
Honestly, I can't remember.
-[laughing]
-I don't remember.
David's on his way
to europe...
Yep, to, uh, try great food
and write about it.
Aw, I want your life.
Well, I'm leaving on the first,
so I'm kind of camping out here
until I take off...
Which is lucky for me,
because ruth
is one of my favorite cooks.
Aw.
Yes, david grew up
around this table.
His folks and our family,
we celebrated
every holiday together
until they moved away.
Every hanukkah
that I can remember.
Lenny and my dad
were best friends.
Yeah, david's like family.
Well, christina
really is family,
according to her dna results.
We just need to figure out
the connection.
Hmm.
Um, I was adopted,
so I have no information.
Where did you grow up?
Uh, here in cleveland.
Where were you born?
Uh, fairview hospital.
Yeah.
When's your birthday?
November 24th.
I was born on thanksgiving day,
if you can believe it.
No way.
You were born
on that holiday as well?
No, I...
[voices fade]
well, my mom...
[♪♪♪]
excuse me.
Well, thanks for
sharing the story with us.
It was amazing.
This looks so good.
Ma, are you okay?
Yeah.
Is it... Is it about dad?
Sometimes,
mom really misses him.
I always miss him,
but that isn't what's wrong.
What is it?
This isn't the time or place.
The time or the place
for what?
Just give me a second.
When I was in college,
I, um...
I was an exchange student
in Italy,
and I fell in love,
and we got married
much too young,
and it didn't work out,
so we had it annulled,
and when I got back
to the states,
I found out
I was pregnant, and...
Christina...
I'm...
I'm your biological mother.
Uh, you were married
to someone else?
Yeah, it was many years
before dad,
and... And for
just a short time.
How could we not know
about this?
Oh, my goodness.
This means
you're my half-sister.
There's so much
I want to tell you.
I can't.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm here
whenever you're ready.
I think this is...
Just about all I can handle
right now.
I'm sorry.
[knocking]
are you okay to drive?
Can I give you a lift?
I'm fine.
You don't seem fine.
I don't know what I am.
I'm sorry, I just...
I have to go.
Okay.
Is she all right?
She'll be fine.
I don't even know her,
and...
I already love her.
We're making
really good progress.
I'll have to move
the lighting fixture
in the ceiling,
but don't worry.
I'll have it done
by your christmas eve dinner,
-I promise.
-Wonderful.
Would you like to come
to our christmas dinner?
It's mostly the staff
and their families,
and the morettis.
They were really close
to sophia.
We have a really good time.
Yeah, sure, that'd be great.
Okay.
[laughing]
so, what happened?
How was your brunch yesterday?
I just met
my biological mother.
Ruth.
She is becky's mom.
Wow.
Wow, right?
Becky just sent me a text.
Ruth sent me an email.
I don't know how to respond.
I mean, I'm very conflicted.
Sophia is my mother.
It's not like I'm going
to turn around
and just replace her
with somebody new.
Oh, it's doesn't have
to be one or the other.
I mean,
you can have them both.
We don't have any history,
or shared memories.
You'll make new memories.
Well, yesterday
is definitely a memory
that I am never going to forget.
There's just so much about this
I still don't get.
[sighing]
I'm sure.
I...
It is so important to me
to help you
try to understand.
I was really lost...
For so many years,
just...
Constantly wondering
if I'd done the right thing.
And then I had
the great good fortune
of meeting your dad,
who was just...
...He was just the kindest,
most wonderful man.
Did dad know?
Oh, yes, of course.
He...
But he wanted me
to be the one to tell you.
Well, you should have.
I know.
There were so many times
I wanted to tell you,
and then...
And then the older you got,
the harder it got.
They say timing is everything,
but whatever the right time was,
I must have missed it.
Hey.
You know, maybe this was
the right time.
Thank you.
On the upside,
I get a sister
who I really like.
And I found her first.
Okay, you've known her
for, like, two minutes
longer than me.
Oh, come on, scott.
You have no idea
how happy it makes me
to hear you two squabble.
So, I was thinking
we could add another
one or two tables by the window.
Mm... I like it the way it is.
Why does it have to change?
Okay. It was just a thought.
When I look
around the restaurant,
all I see is my mom...
And I just want
to hold on to that
for as long as I can.
[entry bells jingle]
okay.
Hi.
Janet, meet david singer.
The david singer
that didn't like your lasagna?
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
This is a lot of christmas.
You have a problem with that?
No, no, it looks nice.
-Meaning "overdone"?
-"nice" meaning I like it.
Why are you here?
Ruth was worried about you.
Ah.
And also,
I had a meeting
with my editor,
so I told her I'd stop by.
I'm just...
I'm trying
to figure it all out.
She also told me
to try the lasagna
and be nice about it.
Uh-huh.
Not a review,
just unofficially.
We're closed
for repairs, so...
But that doesn't mean
you can't cook.
Why don't you whip up
some lasagna
and try and change his mind?
I... Could... Do that.
Sounds great.
Did you know that lasagna
originated in ancient greece?
It's italian to me.
This is really good.
It's not as forgettable
as you remember?
[chuckling]
your review came out
a few weeks
after my mom passed away.
-I'm so sorry.
-You weren't wrong.
I wasn't at my best,
in the kitchen
or anywhere else.
Sometimes, I can go
a little too far.
You know, I get
a little too passionate
about food.
Where did you
discover your passion?
I worked for my dad in
the restaurant supply business.
I'd sample the food,
and I began to develop
some pretty strong opinions.
And how do you know so much
about lasagna
and ancient greece?
Who rattles off these things?
I travel a lot.
Sort of a...
Culinary wanderer,
and I fell in love
with cross-cultural cooking.
I'm actually planning
to write a book about it.
Good for you.
I haven't written it yet.
I keep getting distracted.
Critics can be very critical
of their own work.
Yeah.
I gave eddie
some of your lasagna.
He is in heaven.
-Um...
-What?
I have to go.
But lorenzo is delivering
the statue any minute.
I know,
and I hate
to miss the unveiling,
but I have my niece's
ballet recital.
Okay.
-Bye.
See you guys later.
It's a statue?
Yeah, my mom,
she always wanted
a statue of an angel
in the courtyard,
and today
I'm fulfilling her wish,
just in time for christmas.
Well, you got me beat there.
The best gift
I ever gave my mom
was a golf cart,
which had battery problems,
then she gave up golf...
A statue would've been
much better.
You're funny.
-Oh.
-Cheers.
Cheers.
To passion.
Wow.
It's everything...
And so much more.
She'll watch over you.
Lorenzo, thank you.
Take good care of her.
-I will.
-[chuckling]
I think he means the angel.
I would say lorenzo nailed it.
He did.
Anyway,
I should get going.
David...
Thank you.
I think you should call ruth.
It's not
an easy call for me to make.
I mean, finding out
you have another mother...
It's very complicated for me.
She has the biggest heart
of anyone I know.
I'm just saying.
And now I will say goodbye.
Ciao.
Arrivederci.
[laughing]
did you know
I can say goodbye
in 40 different languages?
Okay, bye.
Okay.
I'm outta here.
[laughing]
[♪♪♪]
♪ snow is gently falling ♪
♪ on the ground ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ angel voices sing
for miles around ♪
hello, ruth?
It's christina.
I'm nervous.
I am, too.
Now that we know
who we are to each other.
Yeah.
There's so much I want to say,
and I don't even know
where to begin.
I was...
I was 19
when I met your father.
He was italian...
My... My mom,
my adoptive mom, sophia,
she was italian.
Oh.
I've always felt
italian at heart.
Oh, well...
I'm not surprised, yeah.
Giorgio, your father, was, uh...
He was in the italian army,
and his parents
were opposed to the marriage.
They were very set
in their ways,
and so...
When I found out
I was pregnant,
I... I tried to reach him,
but he had been deployed,
and there was...
There was no internet then,
and no emails,
and my letters were returned,
and...
I never did contact him.
But I was very young,
and I knew
that I was not capable
of raising a child on my own...
So I gave you up for adoption.
But I never, I never
stopped thinking about you,
and I never...
I always wondered
where you were, and...
-It's okay.
-...And how you were...
It's okay.
...What your life was like.
My... My mom...
She wasn't married,
she really wanted a child,
and so she adopted...
And I was very happy...
...And I was so loved.
It means so much
to hear you say that.
I'm glad I'm here.
Me too.
And I think
that I like decorating
as much as you.
-Really?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Do you want to come
to the first night of hanukkah?
It's... It's Thursday,
and you could meet
other family members
and get to know
some of our traditions, and...
Yes, I would like to come.
Thank you for letting me
into your life.
Thank you.
It's okay.
Hey.
Hi.
[he chuckles]
you talked to ruth.
I did.
How did it go?
-It--
-that's okay.
You know what?
It's between you and her.
It went really well.
I'm coming to
the first night of hanukkah.
That's great!
Okay, I should...
All right.
See you around?
Yeah. You will.
'kay, I...
I should get going.
Yeah, and I have
a review to write.
I think one of us has to--
-yup.
-Yeah.
Arrivederci.
Au revoir!
Sayonara!
Aloha!
Adjö!
Oh, my goodness.
Adios!
Namaste!
Ciao!
Sampai jumpa!
[♪♪♪]
-hi.
-Hi.
[gasping]
-christina...
-Hi.
Oh, you look so lovely.
Thank you.
Happy hanukkah.
-This is for you.
-Oh, thank you so much.
-Happy hanukkah, sis.
-Oh, hello. Hi.
-Let me take your coat.
-Hi. Okay.
Thank you.
That's very nice of both of you.
Okay, come in already,
and meet everyone.
They can't wait to meet you.
Come on, come on, come on!
This is my sister,
christina, you guys.
Hello.
Hi, I'm phil.
Hello, phil.
Your brother-in-law.
And these are our kids,
your nephew, max...
Hi...
Hi.
And your niece, molly.
It's so wonderful to meet you.
It's so wonderful
to meet you, too.
My fiancée, sarah,
is spending the holidays
with her family in london,
but she's really excited
to meet you.
I'm gonna be a flower girl
at the wedding.
Are you going to come?
Uh...
Of course she is.
She's part of the family now.
Here, come on, come on,
let's go sit
in the living room.
Let's go.
I'm so happy
we're all here together.
Ma, this brisket
smells amazing.
I know, it's...
It's almost done.
It's almost ready.
Now, this is called
the shamash.
The menorah
has eight branches.
Each candle represents
one of the eight nights
that the miracle
that is hanukkah lasted.
Tonight is the first night,
so we only light
the first candle.
Thank you very much.
♪ barukh atah adonai ♪
♪ eloheinu melekh ha'olam ♪
♪ asher kid'shanu b'mitzvotav ♪
♪ v'tzivanu l'hadlik ner ♪
♪ shel hanukkah ♪
♪ barukh atah adonai ♪
♪ eloheinu melekh ha'olam ♪
ruth, this smells so good.
I mean, you have
just outdone yourself this year.
Wow, and this
from a professional critic.
Well, tonight,
I am just a grateful guest.
So how come
you're staying here?
My sublet sold.
I'm heading to europe
after the first.
Besides, when his parents
moved to san diego,
I said I would
keep an eye on him,
and no one should spend
the holidays alone.
Well, david, I think it's time
you settle down,
get a place of your own,
maybe have some kids.
Did either of you
happen to see any presents
near the menorah?
Oh!
Oh, wow. Lucky you!
They're off.
Seriously, david,
when you're ready to buy,
give me a call.
Okay.
He's a real estate broker
with a one-track mind.
But I love him.
Oh, this looks like
the best brisket ever.
You say that every year.
Well, it does.
It looks so good.
So do the latkes.
Well, frying latkes in oil
is a tradition.
In the temple,
they only had enough oil
to light the lamp for one night,
but it lasted eight days.
That's how come it's a miracle.
The miracle of the oil.
Wow. You guys are very smart.
Uh, hey, sis, could you
grab the kugel?
-Which one is the kugel?
-I've got it.
[laughter]
uh, maybe the challah, then?
I don't know what
the challah is!
I have so much to learn!
Just take the whole bread board
and follow me.
Okay, here we go.
What is it?
Oh... Aw!
I told you.
What did I tell you?
It's my turn.
Wow, this is
quite the collection.
Well, as my mother used to say,
"why do when you can overdo?"
oh, that one...
That one I got
on a river cruise
when lenny and I
went to austria,
and this one,
this one is actually
over a hundred years old.
It's beautiful.
You know, there are letters
on each of the sides
of the dreidel,
and together they mean
"a great miracle
happened there."
oh...
Oh, this is when
we took the kids fishing.
Oh, springfield lake.
Mm. I caught a catfish.
I caught a shoe.
Oh, and that's my lenny.
With max.
Aw. I miss him dearly.
This is your grandmother,
rachel.
You have the same eyes.
She had green eyes, like we do.
So, what do you think
of hanukkah?
It's pretty great.
And it's only the first night.
Yeah.
Would... Would you guys
like to come to my house
for the last night of hanukkah?
I can't think of anything
I'd like more.
[entry bells jingle]
hi.
Hello.
So I'm finally
outlining my new book,
and I thought about you.
Really, about a woman
who doesn't know from kugel?
[laughing]
that's my next book.
What's this one called?
It's called
"the cultural heritage
of tradition and food
in the mediterranean."
well, that's catchy.
I look forward to reading it.
You inspired me
to do more research
on the jewish influence
of italian food.
Okay.
Take artichoke, for instance.
-Artichokes?
-Yeah.
Well, the way you prepare it...
-Yeah?
-Uh, fried in oil.
It's called
"carciofi alla giudia."
yeah, I know what that is.
No, I just don't--
that might-- no.
My customers
aren't expecting this.
Exactly.
Maybe you could try it.
No, thank you.
I really, really, really
don't need any more
of your menu suggestions.
Okay?
I'm going
to get back to work.
I'm sorry.
I just...
You know, everything
about this place
is just tied to my mother,
so, just...
It just hits a raw nerve.
Forget everything I just said.
Honestly, it was just
an excuse to see you.
Pretense has never been
my strong suit.
No, it really needs work.
Next time I show up,
I am going to leave
the artichokes out of it.
I'm on my way
to get a christmas tree, if...
Do you mind if I tag along?
I mean, if I'm going
to write this book,
I need to know all about
christmas and the traditions.
Okay, but I expect
a very flattering
"thank you" in your book.
"my deepest appreciation
to the unpredictable,
unforgettable christina rossi."
that'll do.
You sure you have
enough lawn ornaments?
You're critiquing
my christmas decorations?
[chuckling]
[groaning]
[groaning] okay.
[straining to lift]
ah.
Only you would have reindeer
lighting the way
to your hanukkah dinner.
You see a contradiction
in that?
In the best possible way.
Let's get this tree inside.
-Okay.
[turning record player down]
some of these ornaments
are older than me.
This one, this one's italian.
"buon natale."
that's "merry christmas."
who's this?
Ooh, that is babbo natale.
That's the italian santa.
Ah.
Wow.
My life is on this tree.
And my mom's.
Mothers pass along
their childhoods.
And their taste in music.
Yeah, who is this?
What? This... This...
This is lou monte!
Oh, right.
I think I have
his hanukkah album.
I grew up listening
to my mom's
christmas record collection.
Connie francis, perry como,
but my favorite
was always lou monte.
I would just listen
to his recording
of "dominick the donkey"
all the time.
Strangely, I'm not familiar
with that one.
Lou and I do
a really great duet.
Oh, I'm sure
it's just great.
Yeah.
So, this is christmas.
Yeah, what do you think?
I understand
why you don't want it to end.
Yeah.
I do not know
what to get christina.
Oh, I don't either.
I mean, she's...
She's my daughter,
she's your sister.
There's so much
I don't know about her.
And what do we put on the card?
Is this for hanukkah
or for christmas?
Both, I guess.
[gasping]
what about a watch?
No, no, no, no.
It should be more personal.
Well, like what?
I don't have a clue.
Maybe you should ask david.
Scott told me
that david told him
that he and christina
have been hanging out.
Oh, I had...
I had a hunch about those two.
Well, both of them are single.
She did mention an ex
named roger,
but that sounded very over.
Hmm...
Oh, no.
I know that look.
Don't you start meddling.
Me?
Meddle?
Never.
Mom...
This is very exciting.
[gasping]
here it is.
Hello.
I used to walk by this stall
all the time,
and now it's
my new favorite shop.
What do you think?
It would look good
on my mantle.
I think he's... Adorable.
Thank you.
I just love coming here.
You can find
so many treasures.
I come here for the food.
The best dumplings in the city
are right around the corner.
Mm. "la petite chinese."
a fusion
of french and chinese cuisine.
Two orders
of your dumplings du jour.
Absolutely.
Because of your review,
we bought
a brand-new food truck.
[gasping] what?
You give good reviews?
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
Oh, ho, ho, ho. Yes.
Do you do any cooking,
or you just write
about people that do?
[chuckling]
I make a pretty mean
noodle kugel.
Want to show me how it's done?
Of course.
Actually, I used to make kugel
with my dad.
Not the best cook,
but he's a really good guy.
I don't know anything
about my dad.
I think about him all the time.
Maybe you'll meet him someday.
Yeah.
Hey, it's time.
-Ready?
-All right.
Perfect. Perfect.
-Okay.
-One...
Two...
-[cookies cracking]
-three!
[laughing] okay.
Um, "those who sit in judgment
have a fear of being judged."
"you don't have
to let go of the old
to embrace the new."
okay, I think fate
got us confused.
[laughing]
I like that
our futures overlap.
Oh, good, you're here.
I want to talk to you
about christina.
Okay.
Yeah. It's important.
I understand you have been
spending a lot of time together.
That's right.
So I want to get her a gift,
and I have no idea
what she'd like.
I thought you were going
to ask me my intentions
regarding your daughter.
[laughing]
well, well, now that
you've brought it up,
what...
What are your intentions?
Just to spend
some time together.
There's something I find
so endearing about her.
Mm, good.
As to my other question
about a gift,
do you have any idea?
I want to get her
something really special,
and I feel like I'm making up
for so much lost time.
I know she's really curious
about her father.
Do you have any pictures of him
that you could give to her?
I do, but...
I have no idea where it is...
But that's a really good idea.
Do you have any way
of reaching him?
Mm...
After all this time,
I don't know.
I... I wouldn't even
know where to begin.
What if we could find him?
What if christina
could talk to her father?
And then if they wanted to,
they could
take it from there.
You sure
you're okay with that?
Oh, I... I want whatever's
going to make her happy.
I want to give her
a hanukkah-christmas gift
that she'll always remember.
I still have to get something
for my dad and my nephew.
Well, my shopping list
just got a lot longer,
'cause I have to shop
for my whole new family.
Becky said that
they exchange gifts
on the last night of hanukkah,
so I have to figure out
what to get everybody,
and I just want it
to be perfect.
Oh, don't put so much pressure
on yourself.
Just enjoy it.
Yeah.
It's funny to care so much
about people that you just met.
I mean, I don't really know
how to feel.
I'm sort of torn
between really missing my mom
and wanting
to be close to these people,
and now I just...
I even feel guilty
about just saying it out loud.
You're allowed to be happy.
Well, becky
is easy to shop for and please.
I have no idea
what to get scott.
And what about ruth?
Oh, talk about loaded.
Shopping for your other mother.
Well, I'm sure she's gonna love
anything that you get her.
And I guess I should
get something for david.
But talk about hard to shop for.
He is so opinionated.
He certainly has
a good opinion about you.
He's coming over
this afternoon,
and we are making
noodle kugel.
Oh... How romantic.
Okay, what's wrong
with this picture?
I just made noodle kugel
while wearing
a santa claus apron,
listening to christmas music.
The hanukkah aprons
that I ordered
haven't arrived yet.
You know,
it's kind of interesting,
straddling two holidays.
Welcome to my world.
[he chuckles]
this is so good.
You know, kugel's
just as popular in Italy
as it is in brooklyn.
It's a truly international dish.
Well, you should put that
in your book.
I started writing
my first chapter.
That's so great.
Then I rewrote it
and rewrote it.
Turns out I did
more deleting than writing.
Well, what do you think is...
Holding you back?
The fact that I'm only good
for a thousand words.
Reviews don't require
a great deal of talent.
It's funny, I've never
admitted that to anyone...
Not even myself.
You should make it
more personal,
and less factual.
You're funny, and you're...
You're off the cuff.
Show that.
"kugels I've known and loved."
there you go.
Who wouldn't want
to read that?
-Hey, you know what?
-What?
We should get going.
Where are we going?
It's a surprise.
Okay. Am I dressed okay?
We might want
to lose the aprons.
Okay.
I don't suppose you want
to tell me where we're going.
Aw, what would be
the fun in that?
Just a little clue.
Okay, it's something
I do every year.
You are impossible.
[he laughs]
oh...
The festival of lights.
It's beautiful.
Excuse me.
Sorry. Excuse me.
[family chatting]
[gasping]
-hi!
-[all exclaiming]
chag sameach!
Happy hanukkah!
Shalom!
-Hi!
-Oh, hello.
Oh, this is the best.
Look at you! Hello!
We're so happy you're here.
It's so nice to see you.
♪ maoz tzur y'shuati... ♪
it's the fourth night
of hanukkah,
so we light four candles.
The menorah
is the symbol of hanukkah.
It's the miracle
of light over darkness,
good over evil.
We might each
be a single light,
but together,
we are a powerful voice.
♪  ♪ v'sham todah n'zabeach ♪
♪  l'eit tachin matbeach
mitzar hamnabeach ♪
♪ az egmor b'shir mizmor
chanukat hamizbeach ♪
-that's nice.
-Yes.
-That's great.
I'm glad you guys made it out.
So, christina, would you like
to come for brunch tomorrow?
We could build a snowman!
Yeah.
I will bring bagels and lox.
What do you say?
You had me at "snowman"!
[laughter]
okay, so we'll
see you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow.
-Good night!
Good night, christina.
They make a really nice couple.
They haven't even
been on a date yet.
Scott, what do you
call tonight?
Very promising.
One, two--
wait! How's he gonna smile
without a face?
Oh!
I left it in the house.
Give me a minute.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna come with you.
Okay.
Hang on.
I thought we were going
with ernie banks this year.
Nah, becky wanted gretzky.
Ah, there they are.
A carrot for the nose,
and buttons for his eyes.
And, of course,
licorice for the smile.
You must think we're nuts
with all the sports stuff.
I think it's wonderful.
Yeah?
We're still huge cubs fans.
That's how
we keep my dad alive.
Well, at least
that's what it is for me.
That same with me,
for my mom,
the mom who adopted me.
Every recipe, every tradition,
every song...
I really like
getting to know you.
Oh...
This is what it must be like
to have a sister.
Yeah.
So phil says
I always go overboard,
which I probably do,
but I'm really happy
I found you.
I think "overboard"
runs in our genes.
You have no idea.
We took the kids
to a basketball game once,
and they were
watching their mom
instead of the court.
I don't think I sat down once.
I was hoarse
from all the cheering.
-I do the same thing.
-No.
With cooking competition shows.
I'm just...
I'm yelling,
and I'm so intense,
and aah! Go, go, go!
Let's go
give this snowman a face.
Okay.
All right, now, funny faces!
Great.
Ruth, let me get one
of you and your family.
Okay.
You should see
your face right now.
What would I see?
A mother's smile.
Well, you're pretty
smiley yourself, mister.
She's good for you.
Okay, a family. Come on.
Okay.
Family.
Okay. Oh, yes!
No, no, no, no, no!
You're part
of this family now.
Get over here.
Okay, here we go, guys.
One, two, three.
One more.
Hot chocolate!
-Hot chocolate!
-Okay, okay.
-One more.
-Okay.
[♪♪♪]
it's kinda cool
having a christmas tree
inside a restaurant.
It's a nice touch.
My mom always said
it made it feel
more like a home.
Your mom was right.
Now all we have are the lights.
Would you care
to do the honors?
Yes, my pleasure.
Okay.
One...
Two...
Three!
Yay!
That is a very pretty tree.
Oh... No.
I'm guessing that wasn't
supposed to happen.
No.
Okay, eddie, thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Have a good night.
[beeping call off]
so, eddie called his friend
who works for the city,
and he said that
the power went out
all over the block,
but it should be back on
tomorrow morning.
So your christmas eve dinner
will not be in the dark.
Apparently not.
You know, you didn't need
this elaborate ploy.
If you wanted to hold my hand,
all you had to do was ask.
Good to know.
You should have blackouts
more often.
This is really nice.
I had to empty out the fridge.
I didn't want it
to go to waste.
Oh.
Do you know as much about wine
as you do about food?
I know what I like.
I definitely put more stock
in taste than price.
Yeah.
What's the best bottle
of wine you've ever had?
My parents gave me a bottle
of chateau jean-marc
for my 21st birthday.
They bought it when I was born,
and they let it mature as I did.
Are you close
with your parents?
I am.
But, you know what,
they're in san diego,
and I'm here,
and I'm not really even here.
I no longer have an address,
and I'm about
to spend some time abroad.
Where are you
going to go?
Mostly the mediterranean.
Oh.
Yeah, I got a job
to write a series of reviews,
then I'm going to do
some research for my book.
I... Love to travel.
Yeah. I can see that.
My dad lived
a typical 9-to-5 life,
and I tried it on for size,
and realized it wasn't for me.
I wanted something
less predictable.
That seems to be
a theme of yours.
I wanted you to know
who I am, christina.
Thank you for your honesty.
You know, you seem
to bring that out in me.
Um...
I wish you the greatest success
on your trip,
and I hope
it's full of surprises.
You surprise me.
Buon natale.
Hanukkah sameach.
[clinking glasses]
[chopping]
I'm so happy you called.
I'm a chef.
I want to get it right.
Well, making latkes is...
It's actually pretty simple.
It's just potato, onion,
matzoh meal, with a bit of egg
to hold it all together.
And I think I just wanted us
to make them together.
Well, it's
a time-honored tradition,
making latkes
with your daughter,
just... Just like I made them
with my mom.
Is it okay to use olive oil?
Is that too heavy?
No, no, no, olive oil's fine.
Okay.
I'm emotional by nature,
but this is the onions.
I always blame the onions.
[laughing]
so, what's the good news?
A friend of mine in sicily
came through.
I have a phone number
for giorgio.
On behalf of my sister,
well done.
I just wanted you guys to know.
Giorgio...
I wonder what he's like.
He's christina's father.
That's all that really matters.
Yeah.
Have you told our mom?
Not yet.
She's with christina,
making latkes.
Oh, speaking of latkes...
I tried
to talk him out of it...
"eight crazy latkes"
is doing really well,
so I was thinking
of adding another one.
What do you think of...
[imitating drumroll]
the chocolatke!
I think you've gone
a latke too far.
-Wh--
-mm-hmm.
You haven't even
tried it yet.
Chocolatke?
No goodke?
-[laughing]
-scott...
Giorgio's number.
How did you find him?
It took a little bit
of research,
and, uh, a good friend
whose dad
was in the italian army.
Oh...
What do I say
after all this time?
How do I tell him
such enormous news?
That's what you wanted,
isn't it?
Yes, I want this
for christina.
Why don't you
give him a call?
Thanks.
[dialing call]
[inhaling deeply]
[call ringing]
[phone ringing]
pronto?
Giorgio... Ciao.
It's ruth.
Ruth?
Non ci credo.
Che bella sorpresa!
[ruth] sì.
Yeah, it's...
It's been a long time.
How are you?
I'm good.
Tutto bene.
And you?
I'm great. I'm just...
I'm so happy to hear your voice.
Giorgio...
Sì?
I have something
important to tell you...
But I just don't know how.
And what could it be
after so many years?
Ruth, I'm older and wiser
and hard to surprise.
What is it?
Giorgio...
You and I...
We have a daughter.
You...
Che cosa?
We have a daughter.
[♪♪♪]
I'm so glad
that we're finished.
My mom, she used...
She loved this angel,
and every christmas,
it was just like being reunited
with an old friend.
She is a beauty.
[laughing]
thank you.
Any time.
Okay, I have
to order the brisket
to serve
with my hanukkah dinner,
and then we need
to get the wine,
to serve that with
the feast of the seven fishes,
and the galliano
to serve after the meal,
and there's so much to do,
and I'm not even halfway
through my list.
Which list?
I'm spending so much time
on my hanukkah dinner
that there's no way
I'm going to be ready
for my christmas eve dinner.
Mm-hmm.
Is this about
having two dinners...
Or two mothers?
Stressing about a brisket
is how I avoid my feelings,
thank you very much.
Aha.
Oh, you just love being right.
Mm-hmm.
And since I have
some credibility,
let me offer another pearl.
Oh, if this is about david,
okay,
you don't have to say it.
Okay, I like david.
I like him.
But that doesn't mean
that I'm ready
for a new relationship,
not that anybody is asking,
including david...
What? What?
I was just going to suggest
that we update the website.
[laughing]
okay. Okay.
Yes.
I'm good with that.
♪ children smiling ♪
I'm so glad you were home.
I didn't expect
to see you tonight.
Tomorrow night's the last night
of hanukkah.
Well, I figured
you might need this,
so I wanted
to give it to you in advance.
Aw...
♪ the words repeat ♪
"here's to celebrating
the old and the new."
david...
It's very sweet.
Okay, here we go.
Oh, david, it's beautiful.
It's italian.
Bellissimo.
I would like to know
how to say the prayer.
Okay. All right.
Let's do this.
So the first line
of the first prayer goes
"barukh atah adonai."
baroock...
Okay. Barukh.
Is that a "k" or a "ch"?
Barukh.
A little more phlegm.
Barroke...
[laughing]
it's going to be a long night.
oh, no! Do it again.
Okay. Barukh atah adonai.
Oh, that is
a beautiful menorah.
David gave it to me as a gift.
[all] oh...
Okay.
Okay. I've got this.
Okay. Ahem.
♪ barukh atah adonai ♪
♪ eloheinu melekh ha'olam ♪
♪ asher kid'shanu b'mitzvotav ♪
♪ v'tzivanu l'hadlik ner ♪
♪ shel hanukkah ♪
no way!
-That's great.
-That's awesome.
Wow.
♪ barukh atah adonai ♪
♪ eloheinu melekh ha'olam ♪
if it tastes
half as good as it smells,
you got yourself a home run.
It's my first time at bat,
so I'll settle for first base.
Phil has to take the kids
to his parents'
for spin the dreidel
and dessert.
But we wanted
to come here, too.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
One of the many joys
of family,
juggling the in-laws.
You juggle me?
You're too big to juggle.
-[gasping]
-[laughter]
wow, look at all this food.
It speaks to christina's
generous nature.
No, no, it speaks
to my insecurity...
When in doubt,
just to keep on frying.
Ah.
The miracle of oil
taken to new heights.
Mm.
-These are as good as mom's.
-No way.
'cause she taught me
how to make them.
Must be my dna kicking in.
What's dna?
Oh, it's that special stuff
inside of us
that makes us a family.
These look so good,
aunt christina.
Thank you.
I'm someone's aunt.
[laughter]
is hanukkah
always this much fun?
It depends on the family.
I think I found
the right family.
[laughter]
that's... That's for you,
phil, and the kids.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Oh... Oh, my goodness!
Look at this!
Christina!
Oh, they are going
to love these.
Oh, thank you so much.
Thank you.
Oh, wait, there's
something else in the box.
What?
No way!
-[gasping]
-what?
Four floor seats
to a cavaliers game?
-What? Oh, my gosh!
-Wow. Wow.
The general manager
is a customer at my restaurant.
This couldn't be more perfect,
christina.
Okay, scott's turn!
All right.
[makes trumpeting sound]
[laughter]
whoa.
A signed baseball
from ernie banks?
[ruth gasping]
he's only, like, my favorite
player of all time.
My dad used to call him
"mr. Cub."
I mean, everybody did, but...
Thank you...
That doesn't even
begin to cover it.
You're welcome.
Okay, somebody say something!
All right. Close your eyes.
Close my eyes.
Let me just put this...
Okay. All right. Ready.
-Okay, don't look.
-I won't look.
No peeking.
-All right. All right.
-It's not a bottle of wine.
What could it be?
Is it a blender?
One, two, three!
Chateau jean-marc.
It'll be good to drink
in about 21 years.
Maybe we can open it together.
Stop. You're embarrassing me.
Ooh...
Thank you.
-I'm sitting on your dress.
-Oh, sorry.
Let me see.
Oh, my gosh.
Look at this.
What a beautiful dreidel!
I don't know how old it is,
but I thought
that it was pretty.
Oh...
It's gorgeous. This...
This is priceless.
Wow.
Thank you.
Okay, now it's your turn.
This isn't as amazing
as the gifts you gave us.
It doesn't get any more amazing
than this.
Okay.
I'm excited.
-Here.
-Thank you.
Oh, this was
such a great night!
Oh, look at that picture.
[all talking at once]
aw...
Look at you two.
You make a good couple.
I want a copy of that.
Okay.
Oh, that one's my favorite.
[all talking at once]
this is a beautiful picture.
Yes. And...
And that is...
That's your father, giorgio.
Wow.
He has...
He has kind eyes.
He was so handsome
in his uniform.
What was he like?
Oh... He was charming, and...
Very italian.
And he had a smile
that could light up a room.
Like yours.
Well...
He looks like somebody
I would like to get to know.
Mm.
Well...
This is his phone number.
Ooh.
So...
Oh, no. I'm sorry.
You just call him
when you're ready.
Thank you for this.
Would you guys...
Would you guys like
to come to my restaurant
for my christmas eve dinner?
There's going to be
lots of food...
-Sold.
-[laughter]
...Fun. Nice people...
Yes. Yes.
We'd be honored.
Great.
Happy hanukkah.
[♪♪♪]
oh...
Is everything okay?
Yeah...
No.
I wanted to make
a special dessert
for christmas eve,
and I found
my mom's sfogliatella recipe.
And we always
just made it together,
because this dinner
was so important to her.
And now I've invited ruth.
I only have one mom,
and that's complicated enough.
But having two moms, that's...
That's twice the love.
Yeah.
And then...
There's david.
Oh, what about him?
I care for him.
Aw... Well, what's
the problem with that?
I'm just overwhelmed.
Why don't you just
take your time
and see what happens?
Because when you...
When you lose someone
you love so much,
it's very scary to love again.
How could you not smile
with a tree like that?
Oh, I just have a lot going on.
You deserve a break.
Why don't we do
something fun tonight?
Ice-skating?
A moonlit walk?
Just to be clear,
this is me
asking you to go on a date.
I have a lot to do.
I don't think it's a good idea.
Ice-skating...
Or us going on a date?
You're going away.
You don't live here anymore.
You don't know
when you're coming back
or how long
you're going to stay,
which is fine,
it's only one date,
but then
what happens after that?
I'm just... I feel like
I'm just saying way too much,
and I'm getting embarrassed,
so please, just...
Please just feel free
to stop me. Please.
That was
a very charming rejection.
It's not a rejection.
I'm just not ready.
My heart,
it just can't keep up
with all these changes
right now.
I understand.
Let's just leave
well enough alone.
Christina...
Just so you know,
when I get on that plane,
I won't just be thinking
about where I'm heading.
I'm going to remember
everything I'm leaving behind.
Arrivederci.
Ciao.
Warm you up a bit.
Thanks.
That was a good day.
A snowman
with a licorice smile.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, he's smiling,
but you're not.
What's going on?
I don't think christina and I
will be seeing each other
anymore.
I think you're telling me this
because you know what I'll say.
What's that?
Don't let her go.
She's not ready
for a relationship.
Oh, no.
She's just as guarded
as you are.
You, traveling everywhere,
living life on the road,
not committing to anything
longer than a meal...
This is your review
of my life?
Mm-hmm.
Well, whatever it was
that kept me in motion before,
it just doesn't seem enough now.
Ah, you fell for someone
who's just as cautious
as you are.
[sighing]
the only problem is...
She might be the one.
According to you?
According to you
and that look on your face.
Just give her time.
Just be her friend.
The rest will follow
when she's ready.
So your review
has a happy ending.
[chuckling]
I am christina's mother,
and I want
only the best for her...
And I just happen to believe
that the best is you.
We have 9,000 steps to go.
So david asked me on a date.
Uh-huh.
And I said no.
What?
Because he's going away
after the holidays.
Oh, for how long?
I don't know.
He doesn't know.
But that's not the point.
Okay, what is the point?
I'm really going to miss him.
I know you're scared,
but that's how you know
you have something real.
When you take
that leap of faith,
that could lead to love.
I don't know.
Maybe.
I mean, what I did
is for the best,
I'm sure of it...
Except when I look
at my christmas tree,
or my menorah,
or a picture of him.
Oh...
If this is for the best,
I'd hate to see
what dead wrong looks like.
[both laughing]
[♪♪♪]
[knocking]
hi.
There's something
I forgot to say,
and I hope it's not too late.
Okay.
Come in.
Now, we can take it
as slow as you want,
but I need you to know
how much you matter to me.
It's not that
I don't care for you.
I do.
I'm going on my trip,
and I'll be back in six weeks.
And then I'm going
to settle down
and write my book...
Here, in cleveland.
I called phil and told him
to find me a house.
I am going all-out
to get this date.
Okay, but are you sure
this is where you want to be?
I want to be wherever you are.
Come here.
As incredibly complicated
holidays go,
this one is turning out
really well.
Christina, hi!
Hi.
Thank you for coming.
Oh, yes. What can I do?
Do you need help
in the kitchen?
I... I just...I need help
making a phone call.
Some moral support.
I thought christmas eve
would be a nice time
to call my father.
Yeah.
I'm here for you.
Whatever you need.
Okay.
I'll be right here.
[call ringing]
[phone ringing]
hello?
Is giorgio there?
Christina?
Yes.
I've been waiting
for your call.
It's very nice to meet you.
You are the most precious
surprise.
You must come to Italy.
Will you?
I would like that very much.
Merry christmas.
Okay, so when
the restaurant reopens,
I want to add
some new items to the menu
to reflect both sides
of my heritage.
She has another heritage?
Yeah, christina
took a dna test,
and it turns out
she's half-jewish.
Oh.
I have a brother, a sister,
and a biological mother.
Aw, that's wonderful.
Is... He your brother?
No.
That's david singer.
The one who wrote the review.
And he came back to make
the feast of the seven fishes?
Aw, it's a long story.
Hello.
Hi, christina!
Hi.
I like your restaurant.
You do?
Well, I hope you come here
all the time.
Hi.
Merry christmas, christina.
Happy holidays.
Oh, christina,
it looks lovely.
Thank you.
This is what sophia
would want for you.
Don't forget,
your mother always made
a little toast, uh?
Mm-hmm. She did.
[chuckling]
hi.
Wow.
I spoke to my father.
And he wants me
to come to Italy.
Maybe we can go together.
I think we can embrace
the old and the new,
and I can celebrate
hanukkah and christmas
every year.
And I can do it with you.
Christina, I cannot wait.
[spoons ringing glasses]
[cheering]
okay.
Thank you all for being here.
I think you know how much
tonight means to me.
I made a christmas wish
this year.
I wanted to have
love in my life...
And my wish came true.
Aw...
Brava.
Cheers.
-Happy christmas.
-Merry hanukkah.
[cheering]
mazel tov!
Come here.
[cheering]
[applause]
and one more.
Salud!
Here's to many, many more.
Ah!
I'm so happy for you.
[♪♪♪]